Optional Api keys on the fly (#13)
doofinder/llm_composer: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.3.4] - 2024-12-05

> - **OpenAI API Keys**: Load API keys on the fly when calling chat_completion. The param is sent inside the settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OpenAI API Keys**: Use an API key passed as a parameter when calling chat_completion — overriding the global API key defined in the config. The param is sent inside the settings. 
```

---
[Unreleased]: https://github.com/doofinder/llm_composer/compare/0.3.3...HEAD

> [0.3.4]: https://github.com/doofinder/llm_composer/compare/0.3.2...0.3.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[0.3.4]: https://github.com/doofinder/llm_composer/compare/0.3.3...0.3.4
```
